This folder contains one XML file for each of the selected corpus publications. The XML file was downloaded from the EuropePMC web page and information with respect to sentence boundaries and structure annotations for each recognised sentence were added. The annotations are released under the license of the original publication. For individual license statements, see the XML file of the publication. 

The XML structure added XML structure is as follows. Within a paragraph, there can be multiple sentences indicated by "s" element, e.g. 

<s sid='1'> 
     Sentence content here. 
</s>. 

Each recognised sentence has at least one and up to three Core Scientific Concepts assigned to it which are distinguished by "CoreSc1" (highest priority), "CoreSc2" (second highest priority) and "CoreSc3" (lowest priority) for each sentence. For example, 

<s sid='1'>
     <CoreSc1 novelty='None' atype='GSC' advantage='None' conceptID='Bac1' type='Bac' />
     <CoreSc2 novelty='None' atype='GSC' advantage='None' conceptID='Met1' type='Met' />
     <CoreSc3 novelty='None' atype='GSC' advantage='None' conceptID='Goa1' type='Goa' />
     Sentence content here. 
</s>

If a curator assigned only one structure annotation to a sentence then the elements "CoreSc2" and "CoreSc3" are not added to the XML file, in line with previously released corpora. "CoreSc3" elements can only occur if "CoreSc2" annotations are assigned which means that a sentence can never have a "CoreSc1" and a "CoreSc3" element without a "CoreSc2" element. 

The attributes for the CoreSc elements are automatically generated by means that "atype" is always set to "GSC", and "novelty" and advantage are always "None". The latter two have not been merged from the individual curator annotations, which is why they are set to default values. The merging process only determines the "type" of the CoreSc element. The concept identifier is auto-generated by consecutively numbering each sentence of a specific type. Further research is needed to harmonise all other attributes in addition to the type of the annotation. This also means that for users of this corpus, only the type information is safe to use.
